# About
UNITED is a website where users can book tickets for specific Events, create Events which they can delete later. In case a user needs help, he can start a chat with a Bot and get some answers. Advertisers can also join by creating Ads that are going to be displayed in front of users.  
# Files
### models.py
This App includes 6 Models: **User, Event, Book, Comment, Bot, Ads**. 

-`User` class takes care of the register part and login part.

-`Event` class stores all the informations needed to create an event like image, artist name, location, date, timestamp, number of tickets, price per ticket, the user who created the event, the description of the event and if the event is active or not(active by default).  

-`Book` class counts the number of ticket booked, the name of the booker and the reservations.

-`Comment` class takes care of the number of likes, the user who made the comment, the comment itself, the time of the comment and the specific comments related to each event.

-`Bot` class stores inside the database the name of the user interacting with the bot, the questions that the user asked and the responses generated by the Bot.

-`Ads` class stores all the informations needed to create an Ad like the Headline, The url that is used to redirect the user to a specific landing page after the ad is clicked, the description of an Ad, it's Call to Action, the advertiser's name and the Amount of the Bid.

### templates
`home.html:` Is the default page of the web App that displays the Events created ordered by their Event date. A button on each Event appears and lets the user view details of the Event clicked on. If the user is logged in/Registered, he’ll be able to create an Event.  In addition, a user can search for a specific Event by entering its name or characters in the search bar. 

`bot.html:` 8 seconds after the view page is loaded a Button Appears saying ‘Have a question? Ask Mia’ If the user clicks on the Button he’ll be directed to Bot.html where he can type a specific question that Mia was trained to answer and get a fast response back. 

`view.html:` Views details of a specific page like It’s location, date of the Event, number of tickets available, price per ticket and so on… The user can also make a comment and like other comments. 3 seconds after the page is loaded, if there’s an Ad created it will appear on the left side of the page. The user can close the Ad or click on it and he’ll be directed to the landing page of the Ad (url implemented by the advertiser) 

`advertise.html:` After clicking on ‘Ads’ on the navbar, the Advertiser will be redirected to a page where he can create an Ad that will be displayed on the detail page of Events. The Advertiser needs to fill in a headline, url, description, a Call to Action and a bid. Only the Ad with the Highest Bid will be displayed. Otherwise an error message will appear. 

`create.html:` The user will be directed to a page where he fills in an image, name of the artist, location of the event, date of the event, number of tickets, price per ticket and a description. After clicking on ‘Create’ he’ll be redirected to the default page.  

`myevents.html:` After creating an Event, the user will be redirected to myevents.html where all of his created events will be displayed. The creator can delete an event and will be redirected to the default page with the Event deleted unpresent. If a user has already booked an event who have been deleted later on a message will say so.

`book.html:` Inside the detail page of a specific listing, if the user is logged in and is not the creator of the Event, a link saying: ‘Book your tickets now’ will appear and when clicked, the user will get directed to a page where he can book as many tickets as he wants but without surpassing his budget limit and without booking tickets more than the number of tickets available (The budget limit is set as 1000 by default).

`reservations.html:` After booking an event, the user will be directed to this page where all of his bookings will be displayed with the number of tickets that he booked for each event. 

`account.html:` When the user clicks on Account on the navbar, he’ll be directed to a page where all of his essential information’s are displayed like his email address, username, date of join, his card number and his current budget.

# Justification 
This project responds to all of the specifications required because it’s a whole new Idea that makes the app unique and up to date with the trends that we see nowadays on the web like paying online for stuff, the Ads popping up that catches the eyes of the user and the customer support provided by a Bot. Implementing a Bot made it more challenging because I had to figure out how I can make it work inside a Django app and interact with the user.To mention that the project is mobile responsive and contains JavaScript code on the front-end like making the chat part with the bot user friendly, make the Ads pop up similiar to google Ads and many more..

# Requirements.txt
-	ChatterBot==1.0.8
-	chatterbot-corpus==1.2.0
-	django-mathfilters==1.0.0
-	Python version == 3.7.9 (can also be >=3.4, <=3.8)
-	spacy==3.0.3
-	pytz==2021.1


# How To Run The application
After taken a look at requirements.txt, the application will run by the following command: `Python manage.py runserver` knowing that it will take additional seconds so the bot gets trained. 
